
Tanmay Randhavane	110050010
Alok yadav			110050043

My Changes:

In symbol-table.hh:
1.	Added declaration for class Argument_Table which is created for storing the function arguments.

In symbol-table.cc:
1.	Added definition for class Argument_Table which is created for storing the function arguments.

In scanner.ll:
1.	Added a keyword void
2.	Added comma(,) to Meta characters

In reg-alloc.hh:
1.	Added the register f0 for float result

In reg-alloc.cc:
1.	Added the register f0 for float result
2.	Added instructions for move, function call, return and stack pointer operations (add, sub)

In program.hh:
1.	Added function declarations to get a procedure with a given name and to see whether a procedure with a given name has been declared or not.

In program.cc:
1.	Added function definitions to get a procedure with a given name and to see whether a procedure with a given name has been declared or not.
2.	Modified the evaluate the evaluate function to pass new local environment to main function.

In procedure.hh:
1.	Added a argument_symbol_table variable to store the arguments to the procedure.
2.	Added function declarations to get and update argument symbol table and a few check functions to check occurrence of variables in argument table, occurrence of return statement in the procedure.


In procedure.hh:
1.	Added function definitions to get and update argument symbol table and a few check functions to check occurrence of variables in argument table, occurrence of return statement in the procedure.
2.	Modified the evaluate, compile and print epilogue functions

In parser.yy:
1.	Added rules for function_call, argument_list, return_value.
2.	Modified the rules for many others.

In parser.ih:
1.	Declared variables for vector of function bodies, function calls and current function name

In icode.hh:
1.	Declared new operators for return, move, function call and stack pointer operations
2.	Added declaration for Return_IC_Stmt

In icode.cc:
1.	Modified Mem_Addr_Opd class.
2.	Added another constructor for Move_IC_Stmt class
3.	Added definition for Return_IC_Stmt

In basic-block.cc:
1.	Modified the compile function

In ast.hh:
1.	Added declaration for Function_Call_Ast
2.	Modified declaration for Return_Ast

In ast.cc:
1.	Added definition for Function_Call_Ast
2.	Modified definition for Return_Ast

